help/cli-commands/README.md, before:

# Snyk CLI

Snyk CLI scans and monitors your projects for security vulnerabilities.

Visit https://snyk.io for more details.

## Not sure where to start?

1. Authenticate with `snyk auth`.
2. Test your local project with `snyk test`.
3. Get alerted for new vulnerabilities with `snyk monitor`.

## Available commands

To learn more about Snyk CLI use the `--help` option, e.g. `snyk container --help` or `snyk auth --help`.

### [`snyk auth`](./auth.md)

Authenticate Snyk CLI with a Snyk account.

### [`snyk test`](./test.md)

Test local project's dependencies for vulnerabilities.

### [`snyk monitor`](./monitor.md)

Snapshot and continuously monitor your project.

### [`snyk container`](./container.md)

Test container images for vulnerabilities.

### [`snyk iac`](./iac.md)

Find security issues in your Infrastructure as Code files.

### [`snyk code`](./code.md)

Find security issues using static code analysis.

### [`snyk log4shell`](./log4shell.md)

Finds Log4Shell vulnerability.

### [`snyk config`](./config.md)

Manage Snyk CLI configuration.

### [`snyk policy`](./policy.md)

Display the `.snyk` policy for a package.

### [`snyk ignore`](./ignore.md)

Modifies the `.snyk` policy to ignore stated issues.

Commit message:

docs: update help command help README
This file has all revisions through January 3, 2022, for review by the Hammer team.

help/cli-commands/README.md, after:

# Snyk CLI

Snyk CLI scans and monitors your projects for security vulnerabilities and license issues.

Visit the [Snyk website](https://snyk.io) for more information. See the [CLI documentation](https://docs.snyk.io/features/snyk-cli) for details.

## How to get started

1. Authenticate with `snyk auth`.
2. Test your local project with `snyk test`.
3. Get alerted for new vulnerabilities with `snyk monitor`.

## Available commands

To learn more about each Snyk CLI command, use the `--help` option, for example, `snyk auth --help` or `snyk container --help`. You can also use the help command: `snyk help [<COMMAND>]`.

### [`snyk auth`](./auth.md)

Authenticate Snyk CLI with a Snyk account.

### [`snyk test`](./test.md)

Test a project for open source vulnerabilities and license issues.

### [`snyk monitor`](./monitor.md)

Snapshot and continuously monitor a project for open source vulnerabilities and license issues.

### [`snyk container`](./container.md)

Test container images for vulnerabilities.

### [`snyk iac`](./iac.md)

Find security issues in Infrastructure as Code files.

### [`snyk code`](./code.md)

Find security issues using static code analysis.

### [`snyk log4shell`](./log4shell.md)

Find Log4Shell vulnerability.

### [`snyk config`](./config.md)

Manage Snyk CLI configuration.

### [`snyk policy`](./policy.md)

Display the `.snyk` policy for a package.

### [`snyk ignore`](./ignore.md)

Modify the `.snyk` policy to ignore stated issues.

## Debug

Use `-d` to output the debug logs.

## Environment variables and connecting to the Snyk API

You can use environment variables to configure the Snyk CLI and also set variables to configure the Snyk CLI to connect with the Snyk API. See [Configure the Snyk CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/features/snyk-cli/configure-the-snyk-cli).
